Info mortal / immortal extrinsics (#5073)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-extrinsics.md

- Inherents exist to address the need of adding some data to a block, whereas signed or unsigned
  transactions exist to potentially change the state of the blockchain.

### Mortal and Immortal Extrinsics

Extrinsics can be mortal (i.e. valid within a defined block interval) or immortal (i.e. always
valid). By default and for security reasons, all extrinsics submitted using the
[Polkadot-JS UI](../general/polkadotjs-ui.md) and

> [browser extension](../general/polkadotjs.md#polkadot-js-extension) will be mortal. This will avoid

Reviewer: Does the extension actually matter here? It's just a signer, doesn't the Polkadot-JS App actually generate the extrinsic and the extension just signs it?

I just don't want users to think that anything signed with the browser extension is definitely mortal.

Author: Right, I will remove those tools and keep a general tone

> the chance of being a victim of replay attacks after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the chance of being a victim of a replay attack after
```

[reaping an account](./learn-accounts.md#existential-deposit-and-reaping).

> Reaping an account resets the nonce value. If all signed transactions until the nonce before the

Reviewer: Add "Replay attacks work as follows:" or similar to the beginning of this paragraph.

reaping event were immortal, once the account is refunded, all transactions can be replayed because

> the information about the signatures for those transactions already exists on-chain, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a valid transaction for that account and nonce already exists and has been signed. 
```

> refunded account will look new to the present chain state. There is no need for the attacker to know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need for the attacker to know
```

your private key.

> Making a transaction mortal will (almost) ensure that replay attacks are not valid, with the only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a transaction mortal will almost certainly ensure that replay attacks are not possible, with the only
```

> particular case is if the account gets reaped immediately after submitting a mortal transaction, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exception being if the account is reaped and then re-funded shortly after submitting a mortal transaction, and
```

> within the mortal window (i.e. the block interval), an attacker replays that transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then an attacker replays that transaction within the mortality window (i.e., the specified the block interval).
```
